belief/beliefs
concept/concepts
conception/conceptions
conclusion/conclusions
hypothesis/hypotheses
idea/ideas
impression/impressions
law/laws
lie/lies
notion/notions
opinion/opinions
philosophy/philosophies
plan/plans
proposal/proposals
scheme/schemes
theory/theories
thought/thoughts
vision/visions
agreement/agreements
conflict/conflicts
consensus/consensuses
disagreement/disagreements
feud/feuds
fight/fights
friendship/friendships
relationship/relationships
rivalry/rivalries
romance/romances
understanding/understandings
ancient/ancience
attractive/attractiveness
battered/batteredness
bearded/beardedness
beautiful/beauty
bent/deformation
black/blackness
blinding/brightness
brown/brownness
bubbly/bubbliness
colorful/color
colossal/colossality
corrugated/corrugation
crooked/crookedness
crusty/crustiness
cubic/cubic shape
dazzling/sparkle
delicate/delicateness
dirty/dirt
dry/dryness
dusty/dustiness
emaciated/emaciation
enormous/enormousness
exposed/exposure
filthy/filth
floppy/floppiness
fluffy/fluffiness
foamy/foaminess
funny-looking/funny looks
furrowed/furrowedness
furry/furriness
fuzzy/fuzziness
gigantic/impressive size
glamourous/glamour
glittery/glitter
glossy/glossiness
golden/golden luster
green/greenness
grey/greyness
grimy/griminess
hulking/hulkingness
humongous/humongousness
invisible/invisibility
iridescent/iridescence
jagged/jaggedness
lickable/lickability
limp/limpness
mammoth/mammothness
menthol/menthol goodness
microscopic/microscopicness
moldy/moldiness
monochromatic/monochromaticness
mossy/mossiness
muscular/beefiness
naked/nakedness
narrow/narrowness
nude/nudity
orbital/roundness
papery/paperiness
petite/petiteness
plump/plumpness
powdery/powderiness
pretty/prettiness
purple/purpleness
ragged/raggedness
ratty/rattiness
red/redness
red-hot/glowing-red heat
revealing/nakedness
shady/shadiness
short/shortness
shriveled/raisins
slender/slenderness
slippery/slipperiness
sloppy/sloppiness
smoggy/smogginess
smoky/smokiness
soapy/soapiness
sopping/wetness
sparkling/sparkle
spiky/spikiness
spotless/cleanliness
stout/stoutness
sweaty/sweatiness
symmetrical/symmetry
tall/height
thick/thickness
towering/height
transparent/transparence
ugly/ugliness
uneven/unevenness
veiny/veininess
weedy/weediness
wet/moisture
white/whiteness
whopping/whoppingness
wide/wideness
wide-eyed/wideness
windy/windiness
wooden/woodness
wooly/wooliness
wrinkly/raisins
aggravated/aggression
angry/anger
arrogant/arrogance
ashamed/shame
awed/awe
bittersweet/bittersweetness
blissful/bliss
bored/boredom
cheeky/cheekiness
contemptuous/contempt
content/contentfulness
cranky/crankiness
devilish/devilishness
disappointed/disappointment
emo/emo-ness
envious/envy
evil/evil
flirty/flirtiness
frightened/fright
furious/fury
gay/gayness
gleeful/glee
groggy/grogginess
guilty/guilt
happy/happiness
hateful/hate
horrified/horror
humiliated/humility
hungry/hunger
impatient/impatience
indifferent/indifference
interested/interest
jealous/envy
joyful/joy
longing/longing
loving/love
lustful/lust
mad/madness
naughty/naughtiness
optimistic/optimism
pleasured/pleasure
proud/pride
raging/rage
remorseful/remorse
sad/sadness
severe/severity
shocked/shock
sly/slyness
smug/smugness
sorrowful/sorrow
sullen/sullenness
surprised/surprise
thankful/thankfulness
tormented/torment
African/African heritage
African-American/African-Americanness
American/American heritage
Australian/Australian heritage
British/British heritage
Canadian/Canadian heritage
Chinese/Chinese heritage
French/French heritage
German/German heritage
Irish/Irish heritage
Italian/Italian heritage
Japanese/Japanese heritage
Korean/Korean heritage
Mexican/Mexican heritage
Norwegian/Norwegian heritage
Russian/Russian heritage
Spanish/Spanish heritage
cloudy/cloudiness
foggy/fogginess
moonlit/moonlight
rainy/raininess
snowy/snowiness
starry/starriness
sunny/sunniness
absolute/absoluteness
academic/academicness
acidic/acidity
acoustic/loudness
active/activity
adaptable/adaptability
additional/extra cheese
adequate/adequacy
administrative/domination
advantageous/advantage
advisable/wisdom
aggressive/agressiveness
alien/alienness
all-natural/all-naturalness
amazing/amazingness
ambitious/ambition
amiable/phallus
appealing/appeal
appetizing/appetizingness
artsy/artsiness
assertive/assetiveness
astounding/astoundingness
athletic/athleticness
awesome/awesomeness
awful/terror
barbeque/barbequeness
bashful/bashfulness
beloved/belovedness
bilious/biliousness
blasphemous/blasphemy
bloodthirsty/bloodthirstiness
bloody/bloodiness
blue/blueness
bold/boldness
bouncy/bounciness
bountiful/bountifulness
brave/bravery
breathtaking/breathtakingness
bulging/bulges
busted/bustedness
buttery/butteriness
captivating/captivation
casual/casualness
celestial/celestial power
certified/certification
charitable/charitability
charming/charm
cheerful/cheer
childish/immaturity
chilly/chill
chrome-plated/chrome-platedness
clever/cleverness
cold/coldness
comely/comeliness
complimentary/complimentariness
Confederate/Confederateness
considerate/consideration
constitutional/constitutionalness
contaminated/contamination
cooperative/cooperation
corny/corniness
courageous/courage
crackly/crackliness
crapulous/crapulousness
cream-filled/creaminess
creamy/creaminess
creative/creativity
criminal/criminality
critical/criticalness
cuddly/cuddliness
cultural/culture
damp/dampness
dangerous/danger
daring/dare
dashing/dashingness
dead/deadness
deadly/deadliness
deep/depth
defiant/defiance
delectable/delectableness
delicious/deliciousness
delightful/delightfulness
delinquent/delinquency
deluxe/deluxeness
derogatory/derogatoriness
direful/direfulness
disagreeable/disagreement
disgusting/disgust
disjointed/disjointedness
disloyal/disloyalty
disorganized/disorder
distorted/distortion
divine/divinity
dizzy/dizziness
domestic/domesticness
dominant/dominance
dreadful/dreadfulness
dreamy/dreaminess
dreary/dreariness
dripping/drippingness
drippy/drippiness
drooling/sliminess
ductile/ductileness
dumb/dumbness
durable/durability
eccentric/eccentricity
edgy/edginess
educated/education
electric/electricity
elegant/elegance
enticing/enticingness
epic/epicness
ergonomic/ergonomicness
essential/essentialness
ethical/ethicalness
exhausted/fatigue
exotic/exoticness
exploding/explosiveness
explosive/explosiveness
expressive/expression
exquisite/exquisiteness
extreme/extremity
fabulous/fabulousness
family-friendly/family-friendliness
famous/fame
fanciful/fancy
fantastic/fantasticness
fantastical/fantasticness
fast/speed
fat/fatness
fatherly/fatherliness
feasible/feasibility
feckless/fecklessness
fertile/fertility
festive/festiveness
finger-licking/finger-lickingness
firm/firmness
fishy/fishiness
flabbergasted/confusion
flaming/fire
flammable/flammability
flappy/flappiness
flavorful/flavor
fleshy/fleshiness
flexible/flexibility
fluttering/light-weightedness
forgiving/forgiveness
formal/formality
formidable/formidableness
fortunate/fortune
fragrant/fragrance
freaky/freakiness
fresh/freshness
frictional/friction
frosty/frostiness
fruity/fruitiness
funny/humorousness
gallant/gallantness
gassy/gassiness
gelatinous/gelatinous goodness
gentle/gentleness
ghetto/ghettoness
glassy/glassiness
glorious/gloriousness
gourmet/gourmetness
graceful/grace
grainy/graininess
grassy/grassiness
greasy/grasiness
groovy/grooviness
gross/grossness
hairy/hairiness
hard/hardness
hardcore/hardcoreness
harmless/harmlessness
hazardous/hazardousness
headless/headlessness
heavy/heaviness
heinous/heinousness
highbrow/highbrowness
high-flying/aerodynamics
historical/historicalness
holy/holiness
honest/honesty
horrid/horridness
horrifying/horror
humid/humidity
humorous/humor
hyper/energy
icy/iciness
identical/identity
illiterate/illiteracy
immaculate/immaculateness
immense/immensity
impish/impishness
impressive/impressiveness
inadvisable/inadvisable nature
incredible/incredibility
indestructible/involunurability
infeasible/infeasibility
infectious/infectiousness
informative/informativeness
insane/insanity
intellectual/intellect
intelligent/intelligence
intense/intensity
intentional/intention
interracial/interracialness
intriguing/interest
invigorating/invigoratingness
irrational/irrationality
irregular/irregularity
irritated/anger
itchy/itchiness
jazzy/jazziness
jelly-belly/jelly-bellyness
jiggly/jiggliness
jittery/jitteriness
jovial/cheer
jubilant/happiness
juicy/juiciness
juvenile/juvenileness
keen/keenness
large/largeness
legitimate/legitimacy
light-hearted/light-heartedness
livid/anger
logical/logical
long/longness
lovely/loveliness
loyal/loyalty
lubricated/lubrication
lumpy/lumpiness
luscious/lusciousness
luxurious/luxuriousness
magical/magic
magnificent/magnificence
major-league/major-leagueness
malleable/malleability
manly/manliness
marvelous/marvelousness
masculine/masculinity
meaningful/meaning
mellow/mellowness
melodic/melodicness
menacing/menace
merciful/mercy
messy/messiness
metallic/luster
miserly/misery
moist/moisture
monsterous/largeness
musical/music
mysterious/mystery
mythical/mythicalness
nasty/nastiness
nifty/niftiness
noisy/noisiness
nutritious/nutrition
nutty/nuttiness
obstinate/stubbornness
odd/oddness
odorous/odor
offensive/offensiveness
old/age
old-fashioned/old-fashionedness
oozing/excretory wetness
organic/organicness
organized/order
outlandish/outlandishness
outrageous/outrage
outstanding/amazement
over-whelmed/domination
painful/pain
passionate/passion
pathetic/lameness
patient/patience
patriotic/patrioticness
peckish/peckishness
penetrative/penetrative power
peppery/pepperiness
perfect/perfection
perplexed/confusion
pharmaceutical/pharmaceuticalness
philosophical/philosophy
piggy/pigginess
pitiful/pity
pleasant/pleasant nature
pleasurable/pleasurability
plentiful/plentifulness
poisonous/toxicity
political/politicalness
polluted/pollution
popular/popularity
possible/possibility
potent/potency
potential/potential
powerful/power
pregnant/pregnancy
professional/professionalism
profitable/proifitability
proper/properness
pulsating/pumpiness
punctual/punctuality
puzzled/confusion
queer/queerness
questionable/questionability
radical/radishes
radioactive/radioactivity
raging/rage
rambunctious/wildness
rational/rationality
raunchy/raunchiness
rebellious/rebelliousness
refreshing/refreshingness
regal/regalness
religious/religiousness
resonant/resonance
retro/retroness
revolting/revoltingness
righteous/righteousness
ripped/wear
rock-hard/rock-hardness
rocky/rockiness
romantic/romance
rough/roughness
rowdy/rowdiness
royal/royalty
rude/rudeness
rustic/rusticness
salty/saltiness
sandy/sandiness
satisfactory/satisfaction
savage/savageness
savory/flavor
scary/scariness
scholarly/scholarliness
scornful/scorn
seductive/seductiveness
sensational/sensationalism
sensible/sensibility
serene/serenity
sharp/sharpness
shiny/shininess
shocking/shock
sickening/sickness
significant/significance
silky/silkiness
silly/silliness
sinful/sin
sizzling/fizzly shizzliness
skeptical/skepticism
skinny/skininess
slammin/worth
sleek/sleekness
slick/slickness
slimy/sliminess
slippy/slippiness
slow/slowness
slurpee/slurpiness
small/smallness
smart/smartness
smooth/smoothness
snappy/snappiness
sneaky/sneakiness
snobbish/snobbishness
sociopathic/sociopathicness
soft/softness
soothing/soothingness
sophisticated/sophistication
speculative/speculation
speedy/speediness
spicy/spiciness
spidery/spideriness
spine-tingling/tingliness
splendid/splendidness
splintered/splinters
spontaneous/spontaneity
squeamish/squeamishness
squirrely/furriness
squishy/squishiness
standard/standardness
steamy/steaminess
sterile/sterility
sticky/stickiness
stimulating/stimulus
stinky/stinkiness
stormy/storminess
strange/strangeness
stretchy/stretchiness
strict/strictness
sublime/sublimeness
submissive/submissiveness
succulant/deliciousness
super/superness
superb/superbness
superfluous/superfluousness
supple/softness
supplementary/supplementariness
sure/sureness
surprising/surprise
swift/lightning speed
tactical/tacticalness
tangy/tanginess
tasty/tastiness
tattered/wear
tender/tenderness
terrible/terror
terrifying/scariness
threatening/intimidation
thrilling/thrill
throbbing/throbbing pleasure
ticklish/ticklishness
tight-lipped/tight lips
toasty/toastiness
torturous/torturousness
traditional/tradition
treacherous/treachery
tropical/tropicalness
troubling/trouble
trustworthy/trustworthiness
unbelievable/falseness
unconstitutional/unconstitutionalness
unethical/unethicalness
unfortunate/misfortune
unlikely/unlikelihood
unlimited/unlimitedness
unpleasant/unpleasant nature
unstable/instability
velvety/velvety goodness
vibrating/vibration
Victorian/Victorianness
victorious/victory
vulnerable/vulnerability
waddly/waddliness
warm/warmth
wasted/wastedness
water-tight/virginity
watery/wateriness
wavy/waviness
weightless/weightlessness
well-loved/sweet love
well-used/thoroughness
whole-grain/whole-graininess
wholesome/wholesomeness
wicked/wickedness
wild/wildness
wobbly/wobbliness
woody/woodiness
young/youth
yummy/yumminess
zen/zenness
zesty/zestiness
black/blackish
blue/bluish
brown/brownish
crimson/crimsonish
cyan/cyan-ish
gold/goldish
green/greenish
grey/greyish
lavender/lavenderish
lime green/lime-green-ish
magenta/magenta-ish
maroon/maroonish
orange/orangish
pink/pinkish
purple/purplish
red/reddish
silver/silverish
turquoise/turquoise-ish
white/whitish
yellow/yellowish
Barack/B
Billybob/B
Cody/C
Collin/C
Danny/D
Elvis/E
Jake/J
Jamier/J
John/J
Keith/K
Louie/L
Luke/L
Max/M
Mickey/M
Mitchell/M
Moses/M
Nick/N
Rex/R
Ronald/R
Sasquatch/S
Scott/S
Sean/S
Snuggles/S
Stan/S
Tim/T
Timmy/T
Vijay/V
Zachy/Z
zap/zappity/zapple
zop/zoppity/zopple
zip/zippity/zipple
zoop/zoopity/zoople
zoob/zoobity/zooble
bap/bappity/bapple
bop/boppity/bopple
bip/bippity/bipple
boop/boopity/boople
boob/boobity/booble
beagle/beagles
bulldog/bulldogs
dog/dogs
poodle/poodles
rottweiler/rottweilers
beetle/beetles
cricket/crickets
grasshopper/grasshoppers
locust/locusts
bird/birds
seagull/seagulls
hawk/hawks
vulture/vultures
woodpecker/woodpeckers
crow/crows
raven/ravens
chickadee/chickadees
chicken/chickens
finch/finches
rooster/roosters
turkey/turkeys
hummingbird/hummingbirds
bluebird/blurbirds
goldfinch/goldfinches
eagle/eagles
owl/owls
parrot/parrots
peacock/peacocks
dove/doves
flamingo/flamingos
pigeon/pigeons
pelican/pelicans
grouse/grouse
swan/swans
goose/geese
magpie/magpies
penguin/penguins
erect-crested penguin/erect-crested penguins
emperor penguin/emperor penguins
king penguin/king penguins
gentoo penguin/gentoo penguins
adelie penguin/adelie penguins
rockhopper penguin/rockhopper penguins
macaroni penguin/macaroni penguins
yellow-eyed penguin/yellow-eyed penguins
fairy penguin/fairy penguins
African penguin/African penguins
Magellanic penguin/Magellanic penguins
chinstrap penguin/chinstrap penguins
Humboldt penguin/Humboldt penguins
anaconda/anacondas
ant/ants
baboon/baboons
bass/basses
bat/bats
blowfish/blowfish
bull/bulls
butler/butlers
cat/cats
chihuahua/chihuahuas
cockroach/cockroaches
deer/deer
demon/demons
devil/devils
donkey/donkeys
fish/fishes
frog/frogs
goat/goats
gorilla/gorillas
hedgehog/hedgehogs
horse/horses
hyena/hyenas
jaguar/jaguars
landlord/landlords
leech/leeches
lemur/lemurs
lion/lions
lizard/lizards
llama/llamas
mammoth/mammoths
mayor/mayors
moose/moose
newt/newts
octopus/octopi
ogre/ogres
otter/otters
pony/ponies
porcupine/porcupines
quokka/quokkas
rat/rats
skunk/skunks
sphinx/sphinxes
squid/squids
squirrel/squirrels
tadpole/tadpoles
tiger/tigers
titan/titans
toad/toads
turtle/turtles
tyrannosaurus rex/tyrannosaurus rexes
velociraptor/velociraptors
viking/vikings
weasel/weasels
wolf/wolves
xerus/xeruses
yak/yaks
yeti/yetis
zebra/zebras
boot/boots
shoe/shoes
slipper/slippers
sock/socks
zipper/zippers
belt/belts
boxers/boxers
bra/bras
dress/dresses
girdle/girdles
hat/hats
jacket/jackets
kilt/kilts
pantaloons/pantaloons
pants/pants
shirt/shirts
skirt/skirts
suit/suits
sweatshirt/sweatshirts
top hat/top hats
tuxedo/tuxedoes
underwear/underwear
vest/vests
baseball/baseballs
basketball/basketballs
beach ball/beach balls
boulder/boulders
golf ball/golf balls
meatball/meatballs
tennis ball/tennis balls
afro/afros
armpit/armpits
beak/beaks
body/bodies
bone/bones
chin/chins
cornea/corneas
dimple/dimples
duodenum/duodenums
elbow/elbows
epidermis/epidermises
esophagus/esophaguses
face/faces
fanny/fannies
femur/femurs
fibula/fibulas
finger/fingers
gallbladder/gallbladders
goatee/goatees
head/heads
heart/hearts
horn/horns
jowl/jowls
kidney/kidneys
kneecap/kneecaps
knuckle/knuckles
leg/legs
lip/lips
loin/loins
mandible/mandibles
mouth/mouths
mustache/mustaches
navel/navels
neck/necks
nose/noses
nostril/nostrils
pancreas/pancreases
rump/rumps
scapula/scapulas
skin/skin
snout/snouts
stinger/stingers
tentacle/tentacles
throat/throats
toe/toes
toenail/toenails
tongue/tongues
tooth/teeth
umbilical cord/umbilical cords
unibrow/unibrows
uvula/uvulas
whisker/whiskers
bag/bags
balloon/balloons
barrel/barrels
basket/baskets
bong/bongs
bottle/bottles
bottle/bottles
bowl/bowls
box/boxes
carton/cartons
case/cases
cell/cells
chest/chests
coffin/coffins
container/containers
cup/cups
drawer/drawers
flask/flasks
freezer/freezers
garbage can/garbage cans
glass/glasses
jar/jars
kettle/kettles
oven/ovens
package/packages
package/packages
packet/packets
pickle jar/pickle jars
pipe/pipes
pitcher/pitchers
pocket/pockets
pot/pots
pouch/pouches
purse/purses
sack/sacks
shot glass/shot glasses
skillet/skillets
suitcase/suitcases
test tube/test tubes
toilet/toilets
trashcan/trashcans
trunk/trunks
tub/tubs
turkey baster/turkey basters
vat/vats
vial/vials
wallet/wallets
well/wells
bath salts/bath salts
cocaine/cocaine
crack/crack
extacy/extacy
heroin/heroin
LSD/LSD
marijuana/marijuana
mescaline/mescaline
meth/meth
PCP/PCP
roofie/roofies
shroom/shrooms
smack/smack
apple/apples
apricot/apricots
blueberry/blueberries
coconut/coconuts
grape/grapes
grape/grapes
grapefruit/grapefruits
kiwi/kiwis
kumquat/kumquats
lemon/lemons
lime/limes
nectarine/nectarines
orange/oranges
pineapple/pineapples
prune/prunes
raspberry/raspberries
strawberry/strawberries
tangerine/tangerines
tomato/tomatoes
watermelon/watermelons
almond/almonds
biscuit/biscuits
bread/bread
corn/corns
cornflake/cornflakes
fudge/fudge
hazelnut/hazelnuts
marshmallow/marshmallows
meatloaf/meatloaves
onion/onions
peanut/peanuts
potato/potatoes
pretzel/pretzels
spinach/spinach
walnut/walnuts
bed/beds
chair/chairs
chair/chairs
coffee table/coffee tables
couch/couches
desk/desks
lawn chair/lawn chairs
nightstand/nightstands
recliner/recliners
rocking chair/rocking chairs
accountant/accountants
actor/actors
archaeologist/archaeologists
armorer/armorers
artist/artists
assassin/assassins
athlete/athletes
babysitter/babysitters
bachelor/bachelors
banker/bankers
bartender/bartenders
biologist/biologists
burglar/burglars
butler/butlers
carpenter/carpenters
celebrity/celebrities
chef/chefs
circus performer/circus performers
clown/clowns
constable/constables
construction worker/construction workers
cop/cops
dentist/dentists
doctor/doctors
explorer/explorers
FBI agent/FBI agents
fireman/firemen
fortune teller/fortune tellers
gambler/gamblers
gangster/gangsters
golfer/golfers
guitarist/guitarists
haberdasher/haberdashers
hippie/hippies
hobbit/hobbits
hunter/hunters
journalist/journalists
juggler/jugglers
lawyer/lawyers
magician/magicians
mailman/mailmen
mechanic/mechanics
movie star/movie stars
ninja/ninjas
nurse/nurses
paramedic/paramedics
physician/physicians
pianist/pianists
pirate/pirates
plumber/plumbers
policeman/policemen
politician/politicians
pope/popes
president/presidents
prince/princes
princess/princesses
principal/principals
rapper/rappers
reporter/reporters
salesman/salesmen
scientist/scientists
senator/senators
serial killer/serial killers
singer/singers
sky diver/sky divers
snake charmer/snake charmers
spelunker/spelunkers
stock broker/stock brokers
surgeon/surgeons
tanner/tanners
taxidermist/taxidermists
teacher/teachers
urologist/urologists
vampire/vampires
waiter/waiters
waitress/waitresses
wizard/wizards
acid/acids
beer/beers
bleach/bleach
cream/creams
diarrhea/diarrhea
earwax/earwax
grease/grease
lotion/lotions
oil/oils
olive oil/olive oil
pudding/puddings
rain/rains
saliva/saliva
sauce/sauces
slime/slime
snot/snots
soap/soaps
soup/soups
sweat/sweats
tar/tar
toothpaste/toothpastes
urine/urine
vodka/vodka
water/water
wine/wines
yogurt/yogurts
blowtorch/blowtorches
bunsen burner/bunsen burners
drill/drills
hammer/hammers
jackhammer/jackhammers
screwdriver/screwdrivers
shovel/shovels
spoon/spoons
wand/wands
wrench/wrenches
arrow/arrows
baton/batons
broomstick/broomsticks
dart/darts
harpoon/harpoons
pencil/pencils
telephone pole/telephone poles
torch/torches
banana/bananas
banister/banisters
broom/brooms
candle/candles
cannon/cannons
chain/chains
cigarette/cigarettes
crack pipe/crack pipes
cucumber/cucumbers
extension cord/extension cords
jalapeno/jalapenos
knife/knives
lightbulb/lightbulbs
panhandle/panhandles
pickle/pickles
plunger/plungers
pole/poles
rocket/rockets
ruler/rulers
sausage/sausages
silo/silos
spork/sporks
staple/staples
toothbrush/toothbrushes
toothpick/toothpicks
tree/trees
turd/turds
umbrella/umbrellas
baby/babies
child/children
dude/dudes
elf/elves
lady/ladies
man/men
teen/teens
woman/women
clover/clovers
daisy/daisies
dandelion/dandelions
fern/ferns
hedge/hedges
maple tree/maple trees
marigold/marigolds
pumpkin/pumpkins
stinging nettle/stinging nettles
thistle/thistles
tulip/tulips
circle/circles
oval/ovals
square/squares
triangle/triangles
bedsheet/bedsheets
carpet/carpets
ceiling/ceilings
door/doors
floor/floors
patio/patios
roof/roofs
tabletop/tabletops
wall/walls
window/windows
bomb/bombs
chainsaw/chainsaws
flamethrower/flamethrowers
fork/forks
lawn mower/lawn mowers
machete/machetes
pickaxe/pickaxes
pitchfork/pitchforks
spear/spears
stapler/staplers
stun gun/stun guns
sword/swords
blender/blenders
can opener/can openers
cattle prod/cattle prods
drug/drugs
firecracker/firecrackers
hacksaw/hacksaws
iron maiden/iron maidens
jockstrap/jockstraps
ladder/ladders
leaf blower/leaf blowers
loincloth/loincloths
microscope/microscopes
nutcracker/nutcrackers
pan/pans
phone/phones
pistol/pistols
pot/pots
robot/robots
rumpus/rumpuses
shopping cart/shopping carts
squeegee/squeegees
vacuum/vacuums
aircraft carrier/aircraft carriers
airplane/airplanes
blimp/blimps
boat/boats
hot rod/hot rods
minivan/minivans
motorcycle/motorcycles
semi/semis
submarine/submarines
train/trains
truck/trucks
brick/bricks
bullet/bullets
cleat/cleats
dagger/daggers
horsewhip/horsewhips
lampstand/lampstands
musket/muskets
nail/nails
needle/needles
pipe/pipes
razor/razors
shotgun/shotguns
wheelbarrow/wheelbarrows
anthill/anthills
asymptote/asymptotes
avocado/avocados
banjo/banjos
basket/baskets
battery/batteries
bench/benches
bingo/bingos
booger/boogers
book/books
bulge/bulges
button/buttons
cabbage/cabbages
caboose/cabooses
candy cane/candy canes
canister/canisters
car/cars
carcass/carcasses
card/cards
carpet/carpets
cement/cement
cheeseburger/cheeseburgers
chicken wing/chicken wings
clock/clocks
cocktail/cocktails
Communist/Communists
constitution/constitutions
cork/corks
cramp/cramps
credit card/credit cards
cuckoo/cuckoos
Democrat/Democrats
diaper/diapers
dictionary/dictionaries
dime/dimes
dingleberry/dingleberries
disco ball/disco balls
dishrag/dishrags
doll/dolls
dollar bill/dollar bills
doodle/doodles
duct tape/duct tape
dynamite/dynamites
earwax/earwax
enigma/enigmas
eraser/erasers
fan/fans
fart/farts
feces/feces
fetus/fetuses
flapjack/flapjacks
flowerpot/flowerpots
fog/fogs
football/footballs
frosting/frostings
garden/gardens
gearshift/gearshifts
ghost/ghosts
giblet/giblets
globe/globes
grass/grasses
hemorroid/hemorroids
hole/holes
horseradish/horseradishes
hubcap/hubcaps
jelly bean/jelly beans
joint/joints
kettle/kettles
keyboard/keyboards
kite/kites
laptop/laptops
leaf/leaves
lemonade/lemonades
loaf/loaves
log/logs
lube/lubes
lump/lumps
magnifying glass/magnifying glasses
manhole/manholes
manure/manure
mask/masks
meat/meats
mirror/mirrors
mohawk/mohawks
moist towelette/moist towelettes
money/money
monster/monsters
muffin/muffins
nerd/nerds
nickel/nickels
ointment/ointments
papaya/papayas
pedestrian/pedestrians
peninsula/peninsulas
penny/pennies
peppermint/peppermints
pizza/pizzas
plug/plugs
pope/popes
popsicle/popsicles
president/presidents
puppet/puppets
pylon/pylons
rabies/rabies
radish/radishes
ragamuffin/ragamuffins
raisin/raisins
Republican/Republicans
ridge/ridges
rock/rocks
rotisserie/rotisseries
rubber/rubbers
scab/scabs
scuba/scubas
sharpie/sharpies
shrub/shrubs
shuttlecock/shuttlecocks
snorkel/snorkels
sofa/sofas
sponge/sponges
stone/stones
swag/swag
tampon/tampons
tea bag/tea bags
teapot/teapots
teddy bear/teddy bears
tire/tires
towel/towels
towelette/towelettes
treasure/treasures
truffle/truffles
truth/truths
tuber/tubers
urinal/urinals
ventricle/ventricles
waffle/waffles
wall/walls
wedgie/wedgies
wig/wigs
wool/wool
wrinkle/wrinkles
zygote/zygotes
bang/bangs
beep/beeps
boom/booms
clang/clangs
crack/cracks
crash/crashes
flap/flaps
flutter/flutters
foom/fooms
note/notes
pop/pops
pound/pounds
rap/raps
roar/roars
rumble/rumbles
scrape/scrapes
screech/screeches
shatter/shatters
shudder/shudders
slap/slaps
squeal/squeals
squelch/squelches
swoosh/swooshes
tap/taps
thump/thumps
tick/ticks
toot/toots
wail/wails
asylum/asylums
bar/bars
barn/barns
bomb shelter/bomb shelters
castle/castles
church/churches
coffeeshop/coffeeshops
conservatory/conservatories
cottage/cottages
courthouse/courthouses
distillery/distilleries
factory/factories
firehouse/firehouses
fort/forts
funeral home/funeral homes
homeless shelter/homeless shelters
hospital/hospitals
hostel/hostels
hotel/hostels
jail/jails
laboratory/laboratories
library/libraries
mall/malls
mansion/mansions
morgue/morgues
nightclub/nightclubs
nursery/nurseries
outhouse/outhouses
palace/palaces
post office/post offices
prison/prisons
pub/pubs
safehouse/safehouses
school/schools
shack/shacks
shanty/shanties
stable/stables
stadium/stadiums
store/stores
studio/studios
tent/tents
theater/theaters
tomb/tombs
tower/towers
warehouse/warehouses
cave/caves
ditch/ditches
forest/forests
land/lands
meadow/meadows
nest/nests
abyss/abysses
alley/alleys
ambulance/ambulances
apartment/apartments
arcade/arcades
attic/attics
bank/banks
basement/basements
bathroom/bathrooms
bedroom/bedrooms
boat/boats
bus/buses
cage/cages
car/cars
carnival/carnivals
classroom/classrooms
closet/closets
company/companies
dispensary/dispensaries
dungeon/dungeons
festival/festivals
firetruck/firetrucks
garage/garages
garden/gardens
house/houses
kitchen/kitchens
office/offices
opera/operas
port-a-potty/port-a-potties
ring/rings
sanctuary/sanctuaries
sauna/saunas
shop/shops
skyway/skyways
stand/stands
station/stations
town/towns
trailer/trailers
van/vans
wonderland/wonderlands
beach/beaches
crater/craters
grassy plain/grassy plains
hill/hills
hilltop/hilltops
island/islands
lakeside/lakesides
mountain/mountains
valley/valleys
volcano/volcanoes
wasteland/wastelands
amusement park/amusement parks
battlefield/battlefields
cemetery/cemeteries
dance floor/dance floors
farm/farms
field/fields
graveyard/graveyards
highway/highways
park/parks
playground/playgrounds
railroad/railroads
road/roads
rooftop/rooftops
street/streets
her/she/herself/her/hers
him/he/himself/his/his
it/it/itself/its/its
age/older/younger/oldest
ethnicity/more ethnic/less ethnic/most ethnic
gender/sexier/more gender neutral/sexiest
honesty/more thuthful/less truthful/most truthful
race/racier/less racier/raciest
color/more colorful/duller/most colorful
force/harder/softer/hardest
girth/girthier/less girthy/girthiest
height/taller/shorter/tallest
length/longer/shorter/longest
luminosity/brighter/darker/brightest
power level/more powerful/weaker/most powerful
size/bigger/smaller/biggest
speed/faster/slower/fastest
weight/heavier/lighter/heaviest
wetness/wetter/drier/wettest
width/wider/skinnier/widest
aunt/aunts
daddy/daddies
daughter/daughters
girl/girls
girlfriend/girlfriends
granddaughter/granddaughters
grandma/grandmas
mommy/mommies
mother/mothers
sister/sisters
stepmother/stepmothers
wife/wives
woman/women
boy/boys
boyfriend/boyfriends
brother/brothers
father/fathers
godfather/godfathers
grandpa/grandpas
grandson/grandsons
husband/husbands
man/men
son/sons
stepfather/stepfathers
uncle/uncles
baby/babies
boss/bosses
buddy/buddies
child/children
colleague/colleagues
cousin/cousins
fella/fellas
friend/friends
master/masters
Friday/Fridays
Monday/Mondays
Saturday/Saturdays
Sunday/Sundays
Thursday/Thursdays
Tuesday/Tuesdays
Wednesday/Wednesdays
Black Friday/Black Fridays
Boxing Day/Boxing Days
Christmas/Christmasses
Easter/Easters
Father's Day/Father's Days
Groundhog Day/Groundhog Days
Halloween/Halloweens
Hanukkah/Hanukkahs
Kwanzaa/Kwanzaas
Labor Day/Labor Days
Labor Day/Labor Days
Mother's Day/Mother's Days
New Year's Day/New Year's Days
New Year's Eve/New Year's Eves
Thanksgiving/Thanksgivings
Valentine's Day/Valentine's Days
April/Aprils
August/Augusts
December/Decembers
February/Februaries
January/Januaries
July/Julies
June/Junes
March/Marches
May/Mays
November/Novembers
October/Octobers
September/Septembers
afternoon/afternoons
dawn/dawns
day/days
dusk/dusks
evening/evenings
midnight/midnights
morning/mornings
night/nights
noon/noons
century/centuries
day/days
hour/hours
millisecond/milliseconds
minute/minutes
month/months
second/seconds
year/years
kilojoule/kilojoules/kJ
kilovolt/kilovolts/kV
kilowatt/kilowatts/kW
megawatt/megawatts/MW
microfarad/microfarads/μF
milliampere/milliamperes/mA
millivolt/millivolts/mV
milliwatt/milliwatts/mW
joule/joules/J
centimeter/centimeters/cm
foot/feet/ft
inch/inches/in
kilometer/kilometers/km
light-year/light-years/ly
meter/meters/m
mile/miles/mi
yard/yards/y
bucket/buckets/bucket
cubic centimeter/cubic centimeters/cc
cup/cups/c
gallon/gallons/gal
liter/liters/L
milliliter/milliliters/mL
pint/pints/pt
quart/quarts/qt
tablespoon/tablespoons/tbsp
teaspoon/teaspoons/tsp
gram/grams/g
kilogram/kilograms/kg
megaton/megatons/Mt
ounce/ounces/oz
pound/pounds/lb
ton/tons/t
blacken/blackening/blackened/blackens/blackener
bleed/bleeding/bled/bleeds/bleeder
bloat/bloating/bloated/bloats/bloater
bloom/blooming/bloomed/blooms/bloomer
blossom/blossoming/blossomed/blossoms/blossomer
bubble/bubbling/bubbled/bubbles/bubbler
burn/burning/burned/burns/burner
churn/churning/churned/churns/churner
crack/cracking/cracked/cracks/cracker
crumple/crumpling/crumpled/crumples/crumpler
darken/darkening/darkened/darkens/darkener
fester/festering/festered/festers/festerer
fizz/fizzing/fizzed/fizzes/fizzer
flap/flapping/flapped/flaps/flapper
flash/flashing/flashed/flashes/flasher
flutter/fluttering/fluttered/flutters/flutterer
froth/frothing/frothed/froths/frother
gleam/gleaming/gleamed/gleams/gleamer
glow/glowing/glowed/glows/glower
grow/growing/grew/grows/grower
harden/hardening/hardened/hardens/hardener
lighten/lightening/lightened/lightens/lightener
radiate/radiating/radiated/radiates/radiator
ripple/rippling/rippled/ripples/rippler
rise/rising/rose/rises/riser
shake/shaking/shook/shakes/shaker
shimmer/shimmering/shimmered/shimmers/shimmerer
shine/shining/shone/shines/shiner
shiver/shivering/shivered/shivers/shiverer
shrink/shrinking/shrunk/shrinks/shrinker
shudder/shuddering/shuddered/shudders/shudderer
smolder/smoldering/smoldered/smolders/smolderer
soften/softening/softened/softens/softener
sparkle/sparkling/sparkled/sparkles/sparkler
steam/steaming/steamed/steams/steamer
twinkle/twinkling/twinkled/twinkles/twinkler
twist/twisting/twisted/twists/twister
wave/waving/waved/waves/waver
whiten/whitening/whitened/whitens/whitener
wiggle/wiggling/wiggled/wiggles/wiggler
wilt/wilting/wilted/wilts/wilter
announce/announcing/announced/announces/announcer/announced/announcing
bawl/bawling/bawled/bawls/bawler/bawled/bawling
beep/beeping/beeped/beeps/beeper/beeped/beeping
breathe/breathing/breathed/breathes/breather/breathed/breathing
burp/burping/burped/burps/burper/burped/burping
cackle/cackling/cackled/cackles/cackler/cackled/cackling
call/calling/called/calls/caller/called/calling
croak/croaking/croaked/croaks/croaker/croaked/croaking
cry/crying/cried/cries/cryer/cried/crying
declare/declaring/declared/declares/declarer/declared/declaration
ejaculate/ejaculating/ejaculated/ejaculates/ejaculator/ejaculated/ejaculation
exclaim/exclaiming/exclaimed/exclaims/exclaimer/exclaimed/exclamation
grunt/grunting/grunted/grunts/grunter/grunted/grunting
hiss/hissing/hissed/hisses/hisser/hissed/hissing
hoot/hooting/hooted/hoots/hooter/hooted/hooting
laugh/laughing/laughed/laughs/laugher/laughed/laughter
moan/moaning/moaned/moans/moaner/moaned/moaning
mumble/mumbling/mumbled/mumbles/mumbler/mumbled/mumbling
mutter/muttering/muttered/mutters/mutterer/muttered/muttering
roar/roaring/roared/roars/roarer/roared/roaring
say/saying/said/says/sayer/said/saying
scream/screaming/screamed/screams/screamer/screamed/screaming
screech/screeching/screeched/screeches/screecher/screeched/screeching
shoot/shooting/shot/shoots/shooter/shot/shooting
shout/shouting/shouted/shouts/shouter/shouted/shouting
shriek/shrieking/shrieked/shrieks/shrieker/shrieked/shrieking
snap/snapping/snapped/snaps/snapper/snapped/snapping
snicker/snickering/snickered/snickers/snickerer/snickered/snickering
snort/snorting/snorted/snorts/snorter/snorted/snorting
spit/spitting/spat/spits/spitter/spat/spitting
squeal/squealing/squealed/squeals/squealer/squealed/squealing
squelch/squelching/squelched/squelches/squelcher/squelched/squelching
swear/swearing/swore/swears/swearer/sworn/swearing
wail/wailing/wailed/wails/wailer/wailed/wailing
whimper/whimpering/whimpered/whimpers/whimperer/whimpered/whimpering
whine/whining/whined/whines/whiner/whined/whining
whisper/whispering/whispered/whispers/whisperer/whispered/whispering
yell/yelling/yelled/yells/yeller/yelled/yelling
chew/chewing/chewed/chews/chewer/chewed/chewing
eat/eating/ate/eats/eater/eaten/eating
lick/licking/licked/licks/licker/licked/licking
masticate/masticating/masticated/masticates/masticater/masticated/mastication
slurp/slurping/slurped/slurps/slurper/slurped/slurping
snort/snorting/snorted/snorts/snorter/snorted/snorting
snuffle/snuffling/snuffled/snuffles/snuffler/snuffled/snuffling
crouch/crouching/crouched/crouches/croucher/crouched/crouching
lay/laying/laid/lays/layer/laid/laying
sit/sitting/sat/sits/sitter/sat/sitting
squat/squatting/squatted/squats/squatter/squatted/squatting
stand/standing/stood/stands/stander/stood/standing
fume/fuming/fumed/fumes/fumer/fumed/fuming
lather/lathering/lathered/lathers/latherer/lathered/lathering
pray/praying/prayed/prays/prayer/prayed/prayer
like/liking/liked/likes/liker/liked/like
need/needing/needed/needs/needer/needed/need
want/wanting/wanted/wants/wanter/wanted/want
loathe/loathing/loathed/loathes/loather/loathed/loathe
dislike/disliking/disliked/dislikes/disliker/disliked/dislike
despise/despising/despised/despises/despiser/despised/despise
cram/cramming/crammed/crams/crammer/crammed/cramming
inject/injecting/injected/injects/injector/injected/injection
poke/poking/poked/pokes/poker/poked/poking
prod/prodding/prodded/prods/prodder/prodded/prodding
screw/screwing/screwed/screws/screwer/screwed/screwing
stick/sticking/stuck/sticks/sticker/stuck/sticking
wedge/wedging/wedged/wedges/wedger/wedged/wedging
bang/banging/banged/bangs/banger/banged/banging
bind/binding/bound/binds/binder/bound/binding
blow/blowing/blew/blows/blower/blown/blowing
crank/cranking/cranked/cranks/cranker/cranked/cranking
crunch/crunching/crunched/crunches/cruncher/crunched/crunching
eject/ejecting/ejected/ejects/ejector/ejected/ejection
fly/flying/flew/flies/flier/flown/flying
force/forcing/forced/forces/forcer/forced/forcing
hack/hacking/hacked/hacks/hacker/hacked/hacking
hurl/hurling/hurled/hurls/hurler/hurled/hurling
kick/kicking/kicked/kicks/kicker/kicked/kicking
knead/kneading/kneaded/kneads/kneader/kneaded/kneading
move/moving/moved/moves/mover/moved/moving
press/pressing/pressed/presses/presser/pressed/pressing
pump/pumping/pumped/pumps/pumper/pumped/pumping
rip/ripping/ripped/rips/ripper/ripped/ripping
serve/serving/served/serves/server/served/serving
shake/shaking/shook/shakes/shaker/shaken/shaking
shoot/shooting/shot/shoots/shooter/shot/shooting
slam/slamming/slammed/slams/slammer/slammed/slamming
slip/slipping/slipped/slips/slipper/slipped/slipping
smack/smacking/smacked/smacks/smacker/smacked/smacking
squish/squishing/squished/squishes/squisher/squished/squishing
staple/stapling/stapled/staples/stapler/stapled/stapling
stomp/stomping/stomped/stomps/stomper/stomped/stomping
throw/throwing/threw/throws/thrower/thrown/throwing
tremble/trembling/trembled/trembles/trembler/trembled/trembling
twang/twanging/twanged/twangs/twanger/twanged/twanging
twist/twisting/twisted/twists/twister/twisted/twisting
waddle/waddling/waddled/woddles/woddler/waddled/waddling
wiggle/wiggling/wiggled/wiggles/wiggler/wiggled/wiggling
amend/amending/amended/amends/amender/amended/amendment
elect/electing/elected/elects/electer/elected/election
impeach/impeaching/impeached/impeaches/impeacher/impeached/impeachment
inaugurate/inaugurating/inaugurated/inaugurates/inaugurater/inaugurated/inauguration
ratify/ratifying/ratified/ratifies/ratifier/ratified/ratification
veto/vetoing/vetoed/vetoes/vetoer/vetoed/vetoing
feed/feeding/fed/feeds/feeder/fed/feeding
plunge/plunging/plunged/plunges/plunger/plunged/plunging
push/pushing/pushed/pushes/pusher/pushed/pushing
ram/ramming/rammed/rams/rammer/rammed/ramming
bake/baking/baked/bakes/baker/baked/baking
bathe/bathing/bathed/bathes/bather/bathed/bathing
boil/boiling/boiled/boils/boiler/boiled/boiling
breastfeed/breastfeeding/breastfed/breastfeeds/breastfeeder/breastfed/breastfeeding
burn/burning/burned/burns/burner/burnt/burning
cook/cooking/cooked/cooks/cooker/cooked/cooking
cuddle/cuddling/cuddled/cuddles/cuddler/cuddled/cuddling
cut/cutting/cut/cuts/cutter/cut/cutting
dig/digging/dug/digs/digger/dug/digging
fiddle/fiddling/fiddled/fiddles/fiddler/fiddled/fiddling
flatten/flattening/flattened/flattens/flattener/flattened/flattening
flick/flicking/flicked/flicks/flicker/flicked/flicking
freeze/freezing/froze/freezes/freezer/frozen/freezing
hiccup/hiccuping/hiccuped/hiccups/hiccuper/hiccuped/hiccuping
jerk/jerking/jerked/jerks/jerker/jerked/jerking
kiss/kissing/kissed/kisses/kisser/kissed/kissing
moan/moaning/moaned/moans/moaner/moaned/moaning
plaster/plastering/plastered/plasters/plasterer/plastered/plastering
pull/pulling/pulled/pulls/puller/pulled/pulling
rattle/rattling/rattled/rattles/rattler/rattled/rattling
roll/rolling/rolled/rolls/roller/rolled/rolling
rot/rotting/rotted/rots/rotter/rotten/rotting
rustle/rustling/rustled/rustles/rustler/rustled/rustling
scorch/scorching/scorched/scorches/scorcher/scorched/scorching
scrub/scrubbing/scrubbed/scrubs/scrubber/scrubbed/scrubbing
sculpt/sculpting/sculpted/sculpts/sculptor/sculpted/sculpture
shave/shaving/shaved/shaves/shaver/shaved/shaving
smoke/smoking/smoked/smokes/smoker/smoked/smoking
sniff/sniffing/sniffed/sniffs/sniffer/sniffed/sniffing
snuggle/snuggling/snuggled/snuggles/snuggler/snuggled/snuggling
soak/soaking/soaked/soaks/soaker/soaked/soaking
strain/straining/strained/strains/strainer/strained/straining
swallow/swallowing/swallowed/swallows/swallower/swallowed/swallowing
tinkle/tinkling/tinkled/tinkles/tinkler/tinkled/tinkling
vibrate/vibrating/vibrated/vibrates/vibrator/vibrated/vibration
waste/wasting/wasted/wastes/waster/wasted/wasting
yank/yanking/yanked/yanks/yanker/yanked/yanking
convict/convicting/convicted/convicts/convicter/convicted/conviction
legalize/legalizing/legalized/legalizes/legalizer/legalized/legalization
prosecute/prosecuting/prosecuted/prosecutes/prosecuter/prosecuted/prosecution
sue/suing/sued/sues/suer/sued/suing
drain/draining/drained/drains/drainer/drained/draining
drip/dripping/dripped/drips/dripper/dripped/dripping
jet-spray/jet-spraying/jet-sprayed/jet-sprays/jet-sprayer/jet-sprayed/jet-spraying
paint/painting/painted/paints/painter/painted/painting
piss/pissing/pissed/pisses/pisser/pissed/pissing
pour/pouring/poured/pours/pourer/poured/pouring
shower/showering/showered/showers/showerer/showered/showering
smear/smearing/smeared/smears/smearer/smeared/smearing
splash/splashing/splashed/splashes/splasher/splashed/splashing
splatter/splattering/splattered/splatters/splatterer/splattered/splattering
spray/spraying/sprayed/sprays/sprayer/sprayed/spraying
sprinkle/sprinkling/sprinkled/sprinkles/sprinkler/sprinkled/sprinkling
spurt/spurting/spurted/spurts/spurter/spurted/spurting
sputter/sputtering/sputtered/sputters/sputterer/sputtered/sputtering
squirt/squirting/squirted/squirts/squirter/squirted/squirting
articulate/articulating/articulated/articulates/articulator/articulated/articulation
barbeque/barbequing/barbequed/barbeques/barbequer/barbequed/barbequing
blast/blasting/blasted/blasts/blaster/blasted/blasting
caress/caressing/caressed/caresses/caresser/caressed/caressing
chop/chopping/chopped/chops/chopper/chopped/chopping
clean/cleaning/cleaned/cleans/cleaner/cleaned/cleaning
click/clicking/clicked/clicks/clicker/clicked/clicking
clip/clipping/clipped/clips/clipper/clipped/clipping
crumple/crumpling/crumpled/crumples/crumpler/crumpled/crumpling
crush/crushing/crushed/crushes/crusher/crushed/crushing
cultivate/cultivating/cultivated/cultivates/cultivater/cultivated/cultivation
deep-fry/deep-frying/deep-fried/deep-fries/deep-frier/deep-fried/deep-frying
dice/dicing/diced/dices/dicer/diced/dicing
discipline/disciplining/disciplined/disciplines/discipliner/disciplined/discipline
dishonor/dishonoring/dishonored/dishonors/dishonorer/dishonored/dishonoring
draft/drafting/drafted/drafts/drafter/drafted/drafting
dry-freeze/dry-freezing/dry-froze/dry-freezes/dry-freezer/dry-frozen/dry-freezing
eliminate/eliminating/eliminated/eliminates/eliminater/eliminated/elimination
embrace/embracing/embraced/embraces/embracer/embraced/embrace
examine/examining/examined/examines/examiner/examined/examination
exploit/exploiting/exploited/exploits/exploiter/exploited/exploitation
extend/extending/extended/extends/extender/extended/extending
extrapolate/extrapolating/extrapolated/extrapolates/extrapolator/extrapolated/extrapolation
extrude/extruding/extruded/extrudes/extruder/extruded/extruding
fight/fighting/fought/fights/fighter/fighted/fighting
flap/flapping/flapped/flaps/flapper/flapped/flapping
gargle/gargling/gargled/gargles/gargler/gargled/gargling
glue/gluing/glued/glues/gluer/glued/gluing
grate/grating/grated/grates/grater/grated/grating
grind/grinding/grinded/grinds/grinder/ground/grinding
grip/gripping/gripped/grips/gripper/gripped/gripping
groom/grooming/groomed/grooms/groomer/groomed/grooming
handle/handling/handled/handles/handler/handled/handling
hug/hugging/hugged/hugs/hugger/hugged/hugging
hunt/hunting/hunted/hunts/hunter/hunted/hunting
hypnotize/hypnotizing/hypnotized/hypnotizes/hypnotist/hypnotized/hypnosis
infest/infesting/infested/infests/infester/infested/infestation
invigorate/invigorating/invigorated/invigorates/invigorator/invigorated/invigoration
iron/ironing/ironed/irons/ironer/ironed/ironing
kill/killing/killed/kills/killer/killed/killing
loosen/loosening/loosened/loosens/loosener/loosened/loosening
manipulate/manipulating/manipulated/manipulates/manipulator/manipulated/manipulation
marinate/marinating/marinated/marinates/marinater/marinated/marination
massage/massaging/massaged/massages/massager/massaged/massage
mist/misting/misted/mists/mister/misted/misting
misuse/misusing/misused/misuses/misuser/misused/misuse
moisten/moistening/moistened/moistens/moistener/moistened/moisturization
oil/oiling/oiled/oils/oiler/oiled/oiling
organize/organizing/organized/organizes/organizer/organized/organization
penetrate/penetrating/penetrated/penetrates/penetrator/penetrated/penetration
pickle/pickling/pickled/pickles/pickler/pickled/pickling
pillage/pillaging/pillaged/pillages/pillager/pillaged/pillaging
polish/polishing/polished/polishes/polisher/polished/polishing
pop/popping/popped/pops/popper/popped/popping
probe/probing/probed/probes/proper/probed/probing
puff/puffing/puffed/puffs/puffer/puffed/puffing
punish/punishing/punished/punishes/punisher/punished/punishment
quantify/quantifying/quantified/quantifies/quantifier/quantified/quantification
recycle/recycling/recycled/recycles/recycler/recycled/recycling
rub/rubbing/rubbed/rubs/rubber/rubbed/rubbing
salt/salting/salted/salts/salter/salted/salting
sanitize/sanitizing/sanitized/sanitizes/sanitizer/sanitized/sanitization
scold/scolding/scolded/scolds/scolder/scolded/scolding
scrunch/scrunching/scrunched/scrunches/scruncher/scrunched/scrunching
season/seasoning/seasoned/seasons/seasoner/seasoned/seasoning
slit/slitting/slit/slits/slitter/slit/slitting
squeeze/squeezing/squeezed/squeezes/squeezer/squeezed/squeezing
squelch/squelching/squelched/squelches/squelcher/squelched/squelching
stew/stewing/stewed/stews/stewer/stewed/stewing
stimulate/stimulating/stimulated/stimulates/stimulator/stimulated/stimulation
stir/stirring/stirred/stirs/stirrer/stirred/stirring
strap/strapping/strapped/straps/strapper/strapped/strapping
strategize/strategizing/strategized/strategizes/strategizer/strategized/strategizing
streamline/streamlining/streamlined/streamlines/streamliner/streamlined/streamlining
strike/striking/struck/strikes/striker/stricken/striking
stuff/stuffing/stuffed/stuffs/stuffer/stuffed/stuffing
suckle/suckling/suckled/suckles/suckler/suckled/suckling
superglue/supergluing/superglued/superglues/supergluer/superglued/supergluing
swipe/swiping/swiped/swipes/swiper/swiped/swiping
tap/tapping/tapped/taps/tapper/tapped/tapping
tape/taping/taped/tapes/taper/taped/taping
tighten/tightening/tightened/tightens/tightener/tightened/tightening
toke/toking/toked/tokes/toker/toked/toking
touch/touching/touched/touches/toucher/touched/touching
transcribe/transcribing/transcribed/transcribes/transcriber/transcribed/transcribing
tune/tuning/tuned/tunes/tuner/tuned/tunings
uproot/uprooting/uprooted/uproots/uprooter/uprooted/uprooting
withdraw/withdrawing/withdrew/withdraws/withdrawer/withdrawn/withdrawing
wrinkle/wrinkling/wrinkled/wrinkles/wrinkler/wrinkled/wrinkling
zip/zipping/zipped/zips/zipper/zipped/zipping
amputate/amputating/amputated/amputates/amputator/amputated/amputation
assault/assaulting/assaulted/assaults/assaulter/assaulted/assault
attack/attacking/attacked/attacks/attacker/attacked/attack
behead/beheading/beheaded/beheads/beheader/beheaded/beheading
bite/biting/bit/bites/biter/bitten/biting
bludgeon/bludgeoning/bludgeoned/bludgeons/bludgeoner/bludgeoned/bludgeoning
cremate/cremating/cremated/cremates/cremater/cremated/cremation
cripple/crippling/crippled/cripples/crippler/crippled/crippling
dangle/dangling/dangled/dangles/dangler/dangled/dangling
decapitate/decapitating/decapitated/decapitates/decapitater/decapitated/decapitation
dissect/dissecting/dissected/dissects/dissector/dissected/dissection
dominate/dominating/dominated/dominates/dominator/dominated/domination
electrocute/electrocuting/electrocuted/electrocutes/electrocuter/electrocuted/electrocution
explode/exploding/exploded/explodes/exploder/exploded/explosion
fart/farting/farted/farts/farter/farted/farting
gouge/gouging/gouged/gouges/gouger/gouged/gouging
grab/grabbing/grabbed/grabs/grabber/grabbed/grabbing
hammer/hammering/hammered/hammers/hammerer/hammered/hammering
hang/hanging/hung/hangs/hanger/hanged/hanging
harass/harassing/harassed/harasses/harasser/harassed/harassment
headbutt/headbutting/headbutted/headbutts/headbutter/headbutted/headbutting
impale/impaling/impaled/impales/impaler/impaled/impalement
implode/imploding/imploded/implodes/imploder/imploded/implosion
injure/injuring/injured/injures/injurer/injured/injury
kidnap/kidnapping/kidnapped/kidnaps/kidnapper/kidnapped/kidnapping
liquefy/liquefying/liquefied/liquefies/liquefier/liquefied/liquefication
maim/maiming/maimed/maims/maimer/maimed/maiming
mangle/mangling/mangled/mangles/mangler/mangled/mangling
manhandle/manhandling/manhandled/manhandles/manhandler/manhandled/manhandling
maul/mauling/mauled/mauls/mauler/mauled/mauling
mutilate/mutilating/mutilated/mutilates/mutilater/mutilated/mutilation
nab/nabbing/nabbed/nabs/nabber/nabbed/nabbing
nail/nailing/nailed/nails/nailer/nailed/nailing
nip/nipping/nipped/nips/nipper/nipped/nipping
pierce/piercing/pierced/pierces/piercer/pierced/piercing
pinch/pinching/pinched/pinches/pincher/pinched/pinching
pluck/plucking/plucked/plucks/plucker/plucked/plucking
punch/punching/punched/punches/puncher/punched/punching
rob/robbing/robbed/robs/robber/robbed/robbery
scratch/scratching/scratched/scratches/scratcher/scratched/scratching
shatter/shattering/shattered/shatters/shatterer/shattered/shattering
shove/shoving/shoved/shoves/shover/shoved/shoving
shred/shredding/shredded/shreds/shredder/shredded/shredding
skewer/skewering/skewered/skewers/skewerer/skewered/skewering
slap/slapping/slapped/slaps/slapper/slapped/slapping
slash/slashing/slashed/slashes/slasher/slashed/slashing
snip/snipping/snipped/snips/snipper/snipped/snipping
spank/spanking/spanked/spanks/spanker/spanked/spanking
stab/stabbing/stabbed/stabs/stabber/stabbed/stabbing
strangle/strangling/strangled/strangles/strangler/strangled/strangulation
throttle/throttling/throttled/throttles/throttler/throttled/throttling
tickle/tickling/tickled/tickles/tickler/tickled/tickling
vaporize/vaporizing/vaporized/vaporizes/vaporizer/vaporized/vaporization
vomit/vomiting/vomited/vomits/vomiter/vomited/vomiting
whip/whipping/whipped/whips/whipper/whipped/whipping
crawl/crawling/crawled/crawls/crawler/crawled/crawling
gallop/galloping/galloped/gallops/galloper/galloped/galloping
joust/jousting/jousted/jousts/jouster/jousted/jousting
march/marching/marched/marches/marcher/marched/marching
run/running/ran/runs/runner/run/running
skip/skipping/skipped/skips/skipper/skipped/skipping
sleepwalk/sleepwalking/sleepwalked/sleepwalks/sleepwalker/sleepwalked/sleepwalking
slouch/slouching/slouched/slouches/sloucher/slouched/slouching
snoop/snooping/snooped/snoops/snooper/snooped/snooping
sprint/sprinting/sprinted/sprints/sprinter/sprinted/sprinting
stampede/stampeding/stampeded/stampedes/stampeder/stampeded/stampeding
strut/strutting/strutted/struts/strutter/strutted/strutting
tiptoe/tiptoeing/tiptoed/tiptoes/tiptoer/tiptoed/tiptoeing
trot/trotting/trotted/trots/trotter/trotted/trotting
walk/walking/walked/walks/walker/walked/walking
abduct/abducting/abducted/abducts/abductor/abducted/abduction
abolish/abolishing/abolished/abolishes/abolisher/abolished/abolishment
apprehend/apprehending/apprehended/apprehends/apprehender/apprehended/apprehension
authenticate/authenticating/authenticated/authenticates/authenticator/authenticated/authentication
bless/blessing/blessed/blesses/blesser/blessed/blessing
chill/chilling/chilled/chills/chiller/chilled/chilling
choke/choking/choked/chokes/choker/choked/choking
commandeer/commandeering/commandeered/commandeers/commandeerer/commandeered/commandeering
conserve/conserving/conserved/conserves/conserver/conserved/conservation
crash/crashing/crashed/crashes/crasher/crashed/crashing
customize/customizing/customized/customizes/customizer/customized/customization
decorate/decorating/decorated/decorates/decorator/decorated/decoration
donate/donating/donated/donates/donater/donated/donation
dramatize/dramatizing/dramatized/dramatizes/dramatizer/dramatized/dramatization
forecast/forecasting/forecasted/forecasts/forecaster/forecasted/forecasting
hoist/hostng/hoisted/hoists/hoister/hoisted/hoisting
jimmy/jimmying/jimmied/jimmies/jimmier/jimmied/jimmying
jingle/jingling/jingled/jingles/jingler/jingled/jingling
lecture/lecturing/lectured/lectures/lecturer/lectured/lecturing
liquidate/liquidating/liquidated/liquidates/liquidator/liquidated/liquidation
petition/petitioning/petitioned/petitions/petitioner/petitioned/petitioning
preen/preening/preened/preens/preener/preened/preening
purify/purifying/purified/purifies/purifier/purified/purification
rapture/rapturing/raptured/raptures/rapturer/raptured/rapture
report/reporting/reported/reports/reporter/reported/reporting
ride/riding/rode/rides/rider/ridden/riding
sharpen/sharpening/sharpened/sharpens/sharpener/sharpened/sharpening
spelunk/spelunking/spelunked/spelunks/spelunker/spelunked/spelunking
toast/toasting/toasted/toasts/toaster/toasted/toasting
whisper/whispering/whispered/whispers/whisperer/whispered/whispering
